---
title: 'Resolutions'
date: 2024-04-14T21:21:13+12:00
draft: false
---

According to the American Time Use Survey, adults in the United States spend an average of 3.6 hours per day on leisure and sports activities, 2.8 hours per day on household activities, and 2.6 hours per day on work and work-related activities. Despite this, a study by the American Psychological Association found that 44% of Americans say their stress levels have increased over the past five years, and 20% say they experience extreme stress. On the other hand, a study by the National Institute of Mental Health found that self-care can reduce stress, improve mood, and increase overall well-being.

To balance your time between all the different elements of your life, start by prioritizing what's most important to you. Create a schedule that reflects your priorities and stick to it as much as possible. Learn to say no to commitments that don't align with your priorities. Practice self-care by taking care of your physical and mental health, which can reduce stress and increase overall well-being. Finally, be flexible and adjust your schedule when necessary. Life is unpredictable, and unexpected events or emergencies will arise that require your attention.

In conclusion, balancing your time can be challenging, but it's possible with a bit of planning and organization. By following these tips, you can find the balance that works for you and achieve a happier, healthier life. How to balance your time between all elements of your life.


Starting a new year can be both exciting and overwhelming. According to a survey conducted by YouGov, 46% of Americans set New Year's resolutions, with the most popular resolutions being to exercise more, eat healthier, and save money. However, the pressure of having to achieve all of your goals and resolutions can be stressful, especially if you're still trying to recover from the holiday season.

To start the new year on the right foot while remaining relaxed, it's important to set realistic goals. According to a study published in the Journal of Consumer Psychology, people who set specific and challenging goals are more likely to achieve them than those who set vague and manageable goals. However, it's also essential to make sure that each goal is achievable and realistic. Don't overwhelm yourself with too many goals, and make sure that each goal is specific, measurable, and attainable.

Creating a plan to achieve your goals is also important. According to a study published in the Journal of Applied Psychology, people who create implementation intentions, or specific plans for when, where, and how they will take action toward their goals, are more likely to achieve them than those who don't. Breaking down each goal into smaller, manageable tasks and creating a timeline for when you want to complete each task can help you stay on track and motivated.

Prioritizing self-care is also key to starting the new year on the right foot. According to a study published in the Journal of Occupational Health Psychology, employees who practice self-care are less likely to experience burnout and more likely to have job satisfaction. Getting enough sleep, eating well, and taking time to relax and unwind can help you stay focused and energized as you work towards your goals.

Tracking your progress is also important. According to a study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, people who keep track of their progress towards their goals are more likely to achieve them than those who don't. Celebrate the small victories along the way, and don't be too hard on yourself if you experience setbacks or obstacles.

Finally, staying positive and believing in yourself is key to achieving your goals in the new year. According to a study published in the Journal of Positive Psychology, people who have a positive outlook are more likely to achieve their goals and have better mental health. Remember that change takes time, and it's okay to make mistakes. Keep a positive attitude and stay motivated, and you'll be well on your way to achieving your goals in the new year.
